When I was, I told Karen this story, when I was 13, you know, I was an avid history
reader and when I went to university I studied history before I did political science.
You know, I'm not a doctoral student even in it, but it was a great interest in.
And so when I was 13 I realized how alone my dad maybe would have felt being in Britain
with Europe full of Nazis and Soviets and none of them very kind to Jewish people and
them actively bombing Cardiff and London and it didn't look too good, you know, and the
Americans weren't in the war yet and you start to read things in a less, you know, anachronistic
way, you know, starting to be a teenager.
And so I asked him, I said, you know, weren't you terrified, you know?
So he said, he said, what he said was odd, he said that the point was to make the women feel safe.
So they didn't express that.
That's what he said.
That was his answer.
He talked, I mean, the other thing was he kind of terrified me because I was interested in history.
So he talked about, you know, bombings and I mean, you know, not in a purposely terrifying way,
but I'd be reading and staying in the tube and things like that.